The following are the rules you are to follow while being an immortal
on Dragonball Advent Truth. Breaking the rules will result in demerits,
with some rules awarding more demerits than others. If you get 3 demerits
you will be either demoted or fired depending on the transgression.

No Cheating
-----------
    
     Helping Out One's Own Mortal Alt: This is an example of cheating.
     If this involves something temporary and minor such as transfering
     your character somewhere using your imm powers, awarding restores
     , loading equipment, or anything else deemed in this category by
     Iovan or Samael. 1 warning and reversal of cheat. 2nd time firing
     and ban.

     Setting Stats Of One's Own Mortal: This is intolerable and covers
     any statistic your character has, from pl to zenni. Firing and
     ban.

     Any of the Above for a friend: Firing and ban.

     Keeping Someone Down: This is a situation where you abuse your
     imm powers to keep someone you do not like from achieving what
     they can fairly achieve in the game. Firing offense.

Attitude
--------

       Harrassment of Players: This means anything that is done
       repeatedly because of dislike or other reasons that is meant
       to harrass a player to the point of them wanting to leave
       or being unable to enjoy the game. 1 warning, 2nd offense
       firing.

       Harassment of Fellow Immortals: Intimidation or harrassment
       meant to drive an immortal away from the mud or from their
       job. Or meant to make their job more difficult or to make
       the harrasser feel more powerful. 1 warning, 2nd offense
       firing.

       Harming Newbie Relations: Failure to acknowledge newbie 
       questions when others have failed to respond to them.
       Agressive or apathetic attitudes to newbies who show a
       genuine interest in the mud and are following the rules.
       Warnings up to consideration of higher imms with possible
       firing.

       Improper Imm Professionalism: Leaking private mud information
       or rebellion against established mud conventions. Warnings. If
       problem persists then possible firing.

